Alright boys, we're back, minimal cuts, let's get straight back into business.
So in this module, we'll be going through onboarding and onboarding logic.
This is the lead up to getting someone to pay for your subscription.
And in my opinion, this is the most important step for consumer apps that are
utility and
subscription based.
For social apps, you want to reduce, and I suppose dating, oh well, I'm not
dating apps,
but social apps for sure, you want to reduce the amount of friction because
every screen
reduces the amount of people that will convert to the end.
And if I pull up my data, sorry, my mixed panel, and we will get more into this
later,
but you can see this is my onboarding funnel.
And yeah, you can see there is drop off, only 95% of people converted to the
fifth screen
from the fourth screen.
So usually in most cases, you don't want to add this friction, but when it
comes to trying
to prep someone to pay, the more time they spend doing the onboarding,
answering questions,
and finding out more about the product, the more likely they are to pay.
Whereas like if it was a one or two screen, then you hit with the paywall, it's
super
easy to close the app, uninstall, and just not end up paying.
So the friction is incredibly necessary.
Also, wow, that's a massive drop off.
Oh, I know why that is.
No worries.
It's not actually about how it's just been the last four days.
I introduced a new page, so all the previous guys didn't see it.
That's fine.
Okay, back to it.
So how do we build this from a technical point of view?
Now we want a list of questions and answers, and we want the flow for the
screen to move
on to the next question after you answer the previous question.
And then at the end of it, there should be the paywall trigger.
And then the paywall trigger after you pay, you should enter the app.
So let's dive straight into the logic.
What I'm going to do is make a new file.
I'm going to do command N, and I'm going to click switch like U. I'm going to
call this
onboarding U.
Okay.
So now I'm going to copy this file.
Actually, what I'm going to do instead, I'm going to open the preview so you
guys can
see, make it very clear.
So it's hello world.
Now I'm going to go back into chat GBT, and I'm going to context with, is that
the
word, context, or communicate, or whatever, which I GBT and try and build this
file.
So hi, chat GBT.
I'm building an onboarding funnel that asks the user questions about their
calorie tracking
process and goals.
Please make every question somewhat different and build a nurture, a
relationship, so they
can convert pay at the end of the funnel.
Once all screens are answered, display a loading screen, a calculating loading
screen, and
then trigger, then trigger, if empty funk that I will build into later.
Okay.
Then I'm going to send it my code.
This is the kind of top I would ask.
Again, it's not probably the most optimal and Blake probably has better prompts
, but
I want to be raw and transparent on how I do it.
And a little bit about me.
I have a successful app.
I own Twitter.
We do half a million dollars a month.
I coded a lot of it myself, so I know what I'm doing for the most part.
And even if it seems like I don't know what I'm doing, well look how far it got
me, so
I'm going to share it anyway.
Okay.
Well, that was a very quick one.
I'm about to sip some water, but I guess not.
This is great.
I can already tell.
This first question is asked though.
Maybe later, you don't want to ever give the option to do it later.
That sucks.
We'll change it to a different question.
Do, do, progress bar.
Okay.
Progress bar at the top.
Question view.
This is great.
The functions.
So this function just like pushes you to the next step to the next question.
It just adds an animation.
I don't know what the kind is.
Again it's doing it all in one file, which I think for this tutorial was really
simple.
Long term you want to switch to the MVVM structure, which is model view, view
model, and they
have three separate files.
But again, this isn't like a technical masterclass.
This is how to build an app from scratch and how to build something that's been
successful
in the past.
And then just as soon as you built it, just go out there and do some marketing
because
you can market and make money from almost anything.
Although of course, make sure you're putting out good quality stuff.
I don't suggest you just putting out slop and trying to make money.
I suggest you try and help people or help the niche.
And that is like the key to being successful.
Okay.
So we're just going to copy and paste this in.
Hopefully this works.
First try baby.
Okay.
Welcome to Kaliite.
I'll tell you YouTube this sounds good.
Let's do it.
Continue.
Bro, this is amazing.
This is great.
Let me see if you click this.
Okay.
It doesn't matter.
Let's do it.
I'm just going to change this to...
I can't wait.
Let's go.
Just for simplicity, obviously I won't actually put this.
I can't wait.
Let's go.
Alright.
So the whole point of this, oh, should I do a load?
Bro.
Wow.
That is crazy long.
I'm just going to run this myself.
My bad.
Okay.
So, as I was saying, the whole point on boarding is to like, answer the user's
questions because
you need to convince them on why paying for Kaliite is a good idea before they
get hit
the screen and then they're like, should I, if I can pay or should I leave?
So you're supposed to answer all of his questions beforehand and convince them.
So when they do get hit with the payroll, they're like, but actually I answered
a bunch
of questions and I believe in this and I really want to get started and I'm
super motivated.
Boom impulse buy.
I'm a subscriber.
Let me use this product.
So we'll go through this.
Boom.
Where are you starting from?
Total beginner.
What's your primary goal?
Lose fat.
Can I just select multiple?
Okay.
No.
Oh, primary goal.
Okay.
Cool.
What's your target pace?
Boom.
Simple.
How do you want to track photo estimate?
This is great.
How many workouts a week?
It's a bit of a random question.
But hey, when you can input stuff, I love pizza, but I know I shouldn't.
Boom.
Finish.
Calculating your plan.
This is the key.
You need to have the app think about the answers and results because that makes
it look more
legit.
That is the key.
Okay.
And at this point, after it's calculated, the plan should pump the payroll,
which goes
onto our next topic, which is Superwall.
So let's get into Superwall and we will show you how to make money from your
product.
[BLANK_AUDIO]